fix(dsraft): anticipate legacy tables are present and migrate them (#13731)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/fix-13731.en.md

> Fix inability to upgrade clusters to EMQX 5.8.0 release that were at some point running EMQX 5.4.0 release before. Legacy, no longer compatible database schemas are now accounted for through a dedicated migration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix inability to upgrade clusters that previously ran on EMQX 5.4.0 release to EMQX 5.8.0. 
This fix implements a migration procedure for certain internal database tables created at 5.4.0 to the new schema.
```
